hey guys NZ no man here to view bleacher
+ 612 and yeah it seems the soul king is
dead and I get the really sneaky
suspicion that this is going to change
everything because do havoc has slayed
his father slain he has apps death
freaking killed the soul King and I
think at the very end of this chapter we
got a big hint that this is going to
spell another ridiculous power up for to
her bag not only is he previously in
this fight with each ebay he has
overcome is a you know he's holding back
of his ability to see the future all you
know to see the past present and future
all at once and I can know any moves of
any ability of anybody he's seen and
before that even knowing that he's your
bait all each go that he was the only
one who stood a chance to get in that
you know even if you revive me you know
thanks for saving me sort of thing I've
sold and some of your powers you know to
revive myself but not even I can fight
you how back in this day but you're the
only hope we have to Ichigo know after
seeing how far he's come but now he's
saying after sensing the soul Kings
demise I'm guessing or sensing a massive
spike in zhuhai backs abilities as a
result of that he just says sorry humans
we can't face to our badge so yeah I
don't really know what the rest of the
chapter was it about because they were
all planning our well at least everybody
was planning her ahora was planning to
get everybody's all the captains and
vice-captain czar for all the remaining
people to the place where in squad 12
celebratory and at the tip tomayto
Mary's laboratory to with the help of a
soy phone not so fun earth the sister of
your Ichi that the heavenly arm was
actually brought on this pedestal to use
it to teleport or to bring them all
using everybody spiritual pressure to
bring them up and break into the soul
palace and that's not really going to
help because if Britain jus ha has taken
out let you know the form
squad zero captain's who are the
strongest captain's ever like that each
probably I'm guessing equal to Yamamoto
in terms of strength especially to Barry
who is definitely stronger than our moto
where this freakin God ability if each
way couldn't be jus how Andrew Hackett
you know it was predict the future know
all the powers of everybody and then
saying each goes in one who can only for
him to then say nobody can beat him
after feeling this you know power up or
feeling the death of the soul King and
i'm guessing the assimilation of his
powers because the father son so i'm
guessing that mrs. Hawkin at some quincy
blood in him in the first place so that
means when freakin the soul King dies
then his powers will go to do her so I
don't know what the captains and vice
captains of all the gotei 13 are gonna
hope to achieve by pairing it up and
abandoning the soul society to you know
all from all their fights we get some of
comedy from a maid and hirako shinji who
just irritates me cuz he's got such a
cool power but he has to ruin his whole
powers ability by explaining it to all
his enemies hence why he got injured so
yeah I don't know what any of those
captain's gonna hope to achieve they
won't be able to help you to go because
like if if even EG bay thought that his
presence with Ichigo wouldn't help you
to go win i don't know how many other
the captains are gonna help us so yeah
leave his all-time low guys do you agree
that obviously am do have been that the
son of the soul King implies that that
both have Quincy aspects and does this
indeed mean that the soul Kings powers
if he is truly dead though he looks
buddy daddy ever freaking the Jew hats
freaking epic sword stuck straight
through him if that is the case does
this mean a massive power up for jus ha
and if you could already see the future
of Pierre that with all the abilities
and all the moves of the people he so
he's faced does the fact that he can
then see the future like the sole Kings
power which is like pure you know future
foresight you know he doesn't have to
see the people this means that he
rudinos ichigo's new abilities before he
goes he even used and before we've even
seen them so in for one heck of a fine
so he was all samuel a guy sends a bank
here reviewing chapter 612 the hype is
real and i have no clue how ichigo is
going to face this this new and improved
you her bag whampire up after another
like seriously what the hell be as
always if you thought
like if you enjoyed this favorite
subscribing and already I'm going to be
doing chapter reviews more regularly now
I've got a lot more time on my thursdays
and wednesdays to do my said that i had
previously my previous semester and yeah
as always there'll be links down below
to my facebook fanpage my twitter follow
me like my page all that good stuff down
below and of course they're my book
depository affiliate link we get cheap
mangled free worldwide delivery you want
to click that link down there below it
also helps me out you get cheap manga
and also i get commission for every sale
through that link so it's a great way to
help me out as is clicking adverts and
also you know helps you guys get cheap
mayor all over the world wherever you
may be bit maybe because of the free
worldwide delivery there's one of me
rambling leave your thoughts damned leg
of guys on friggin bleach chapter 612
the hype is real goodbye